Blockchain Essential- Assignment-1

Ques.1 What is your understanding of Blockchain??

           Blockchain is a type of Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) in which transactions are recorded with an immutable cryptographic signature called a hash.Blockchain is a system of recording information in a way that makes it difficult or impossible to change, hack, or cheat the system.

Ques.2 What is the core problem Blockchain trying to solve?

           (a.)Supply chain management
           (b.)Cross-Border payments
           (c.)Accountability issues
           (d.)Identity theft 
           (e.)Digital copyright and piracy
           (f.)Managing and protecting data

Ques.3  What are the few features which Block chain will give u?

           1.)  It is not owned by a single entity, hence it is decentralized
           2.) The data is cryptographically stored inside
           3.) The blockchain is immutable, so no one can tamper with the data that is inside the blockchain
           4.) The blockchain is transparent so one can track the data if they want to

Ques.4   What all things does a Block Contain?

            Each block contains a cryptographic hash of the previous block, a timestamp, and transaction data (generally represented as a Merkle tree).Each block header contains a version number, a timestamp, the hash used in the previous block, the hash of the Merkle Root, the nonce, and the target hash. The miner focuses on the nonce, a string of numbers. This number is appended to the hashed contents of the previous block, which is then hashed.

Ques.5  How is the verifiability of Blockchain is been attained ?
 
            Hash function is used to verifiability of blockchain as comparing hash is generated and it always include hash of previous data. since at a given time both hash should match cause it's a one way encryption.When a block of data was changed for a particular person, he can verify his data with the other people to which the chained blocks of data is shared. In this way, verifiability is attained.
